# Indian-food-delivery-restaurant-aggregator
PROBLEM STATEMENT:

Restaurants from all over the world can be found here in Bengaluru. From the United States to Japan, Russia to Antarctica, you get all types of cuisines here. Delivery, Dine-out, Pubs, Bars, Drinks, Buffet, Desserts you name it and Bengaluru has it. Bengaluru is the best place for foodies. The number of restaurants is increasing day by day. Currently, it stands at approximately 12,000 restaurants. With such a high number of restaurants. This industry hasn't been saturated yet. And new restaurants are opening every day. However, it has become difficult for them to compete with already established restaurants. The key issues that continue to pose a challenge to them include high real estate costs, rising food costs, shortage of quality manpower, fragmented supply chain, and over-licensing. This Zomato data aims at analyzing the demography of the location. Most importantly it will help new restaurants in deciding their theme, menus, cuisine, cost, etc for a particular location. It also aims at finding similarities between neighborhoods of Bengaluru on the basis of food. The dataset also contains reviews for each of the restaurants which will help in finding the overall rating for the place.


Aim:

The basic idea of analyzing the Zomato dataset is to get a fair idea about the factors affecting the establishment of different types of restaurants at different places in Bengaluru, the aggregate rating of each restaurant, Bengaluru being one such city has more than 12,000 restaurants with restaurants serving dishes from all over the world. With each day new restaurants open the industry hasn't been saturated yet and the demand is increasing day by day. In spite of increasing demand, it however has become difficult for new restaurants to compete with established restaurants. Most of them serve the same food. Bengaluru is the IT capital of India. Most of the people here are dependent mainly on the restaurant food as they don’t have time to cook for themselves.
